c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\texture0.xnb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\texture1.xnb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\texture2.xnb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MaPolice.xnb
C:\Users\alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\color_back.xnb
C:\Users\alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso0.xnb
C:\Users\alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso0_mini.xnb
C:\Users\alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso1_mini.xnb
C:\Users\alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso2_mini.xnb
C:\Users\alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso3_mini.xnb
C:\Users\alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Potale.xnb
C:\Users\alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\menuPause.xnb
C:\Users\alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\perso3.xnb
C:\Users\alex\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\posTexture.txt
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\texture1.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\texture2.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\texture0.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\color_back.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso0.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso0_mini.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso1_mini.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso2_mini.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso3_mini.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\menuPause.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\perso3.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Potale.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MaPolice.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\posTexture.txt
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.exe
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.pdb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.exe
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.pdb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\fondMenu.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\BoutonJouer.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\BoutonOptions.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\BoutonQuitter.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Documents\Progra\Projet\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\perso3_2.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\texture1.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\texture2.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\texture0.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\color_back.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso0.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso0_mini.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso1_mini.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso2_mini.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso3_mini.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\menuPause.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\perso3_2.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Potale.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\fondMenu.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\BoutonJouer.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\BoutonOptions.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\BoutonQuitter.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\perso3.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MaPolice.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\posTexture.txt
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.exe
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.pdb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.exe
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.pdb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\perso_up.xnb
C:\Users\Jo\Desktop\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Potale2.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\texture1.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\texture2.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\texture0.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\color_back.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso0.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso0_mini.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso1_mini.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso2_mini.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\textureIso3_mini.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\menuPause.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\perso3_2.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Potale.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\fondMenu.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\BoutonJouer.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\BoutonOptions.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\BoutonQuitter.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\perso3.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\perso_up.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Potale2.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\MaPolice.xnb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\Content\posTexture.txt
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.exe
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\bin\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.pdb
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.exe
G:\Projet-Zero-master\WindowsGame1\WindowsGame1\obj\x86\Debug\WindowsGame1.pdb
